[CTOR-1498]-Refresh applications-cisco-dnac-restapi doc page (#4219)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-cisco-dnac-restapi.md

> E.g: ```https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/#!cisco-dna-center-platform-overview```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To monitor your Cisco DNA Center, the Rest API must be configured as explained in the [official documentation](https://developer.cisco.com/docs/dna-center/#!cisco-dna-center-platform-overview).
```
